Update the README (#102)
fauna/fauna-js: README.md

# A JavaScript driver for [Fauna](https://fauna.com).

[![Npm Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/fauna.svg?maxAge=21600)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fauna)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MPL_2.0-blue.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fauna/fauna-js/main/LICENSE)

See the [Fauna Documentation](https://fqlx-beta--fauna-docs.netlify.app/fqlx/beta/) for additional information how to configure and query your databases.

This driver can only be used with FQL X, and is not compatible with earlier versions of FQL. To query your databases with earlier API versions, see the [faunadb](https://www.npmjs.com/package/faunadb) package.

<details>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [A JavaScript driver for Fauna.](#a-javascript-driver-for-fauna)
- [Compatibility](#compatibility)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Node.js](#nodejs)

>   - [Browsers](#browsers)

Reviewer: IMO having quick starts at the tops of READMEs makes getting ramped up on a new dependency much easier.

I'd suggest leading with a quick start that includes installation and basic usage. And moving compatibility below that.

- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Connecting from the browser](#connecting-from-the-browser)
  - [Importing into a bundled project](#importing-into-a-bundled-project)
  - [Quick-Start](#quick-start)
  - [Querying with FQL X](#querying-with-fql-x)
  - [Query Composition](#query-composition)
  - [Typescript Support](#typescript-support)
  - [Query Options](#query-options)
  - [Client Configuration](#client-configuration)
    - [Using environment variables](#using-environment-variables)
  - [Query Statistics](#query-statistics)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Setting up this Repo](#setting-up-this-repo)
  - [Running tests](#running-tests)
  - [Linting your code](#linting-your-code)
- [License](#license)

</details>

# Compatibility

This Driver supports and is tested on:

- Node.js [Current and Active LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/)
  - Current - v19
  - Active LTS - v18
- Chrome
- Firefox
- Safari
- Edge

# Installation

> ## Node.js

Reviewer: Node.js feels misleading.

You don't have to be executing on node to install with npm or yarn.

I'd call this section ## Installing

```suggestion
## Installing
The fauna-js driver is available on npm.

You can install with your package manager of choice:

* `npm install fauna`
* `yarn add fauna`
```

```shell
npm install fauna
```

or

```shell
yarn add fauna
```

> ## Browsers

Reviewer: This feels like an edge case.

Calling it "browsers" feels a little odd as if i'm writing code to run in a browser i'm probably going to use an actual package manager and not whack the driver straight into my script.

```suggestion
## Available via CDN
```

> The driver is built as a JS module for browsers and is available via CDN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The driver is additionally made available to browsers via CDN:
```

```html
<script type="module">
  import * as fauna from "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/fauna@latest/dist/browser/index.js";
</script>
```

# Usage

## Connecting from the browser

```html
<html>
  <head></head>
  <body>
    <h1>Test</h1>
  </body>
  <script type="module">
    import * as fauna from "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/fauna@latest/dist/browser/index.js";

    /* ... */
  </script>
</html>
```

## Importing into a bundled project

```javascript
import * as fauna from "fauna";
```

or using `require` for CommonJS files

```javascript
const fauna = require("fauna");
```

## Quick-Start

```javascript
const { Client, fql } = fauna;

// configure your client
const client = new Client({
  secret: YOUR_FAUNA_SECRET
});

try {
  // create a Collection
  const collection_query = fql`Collection.create({ name: "Dogs" })`;
  const collection_result = await client.query(collection_query);

> 

Reviewer: i'd show some basic interpolation here. Perhaps put "Dogs" in a variable

  // create a Document
  const document_query = fql`
    Dogs.create({ name: "Scout" }) {
      id,
      ts,
      name
    }
  `;
  const document_result = await client.query(document_query);
} catch (error: any) {
  if (error instanceof fauna.FaunaError) {
    // handle errors
  }
}
```

## Querying with FQL X

This driver uses a template-based approach to composing queries and operations. The advantage of this design is that you can prototype and test your queries in the Fauna dashboard shell, and then cut-and-paste those queries as templates in your client, which are executed in Fauna via this driver. You can parameterize your query by adding placeholders to the template, and then pass a set of arguments to the query() method, or resolve the placeholders with string interpolation.

You can write a query in pure FQL X using the driver's `fql` tag template function. Each FQL X language driver exposes the raw FQL X language - there is no need to learn a new framework for each language.

Here's an example in pure FQL X:

> ```javascript

Reviewer: this example feels pretty heavyweight IMO.

Its not easy to read at a glance, and you have to grok that its actually building an anonymous function in _FQL_ itself to understand how it works.

I'd keep it simple here to show the basic power.

Complex examples like this are going to make it difficult to understand what's going on.

The previous example met that simplicity criteria IMO.

Author: This came out of wanting to use a diverse example for the composition query. There we have 3 different kinds of composition:

- pure fql snippet
- reusable projection (similar to GraphQL fragments)
- inserting data

The pure fql query is then the exact same as the composition query.

I started off with a different pure fql example and had this example under query composition to explain what the composed one was doing. How does that sound to you?

Author: Quickstart and configuration examples are pretty good demonstrations at a glance. I wrapped up these sections into a new "Advanced Example" section at the bottom.
